Extremely Hands-On... Incredibly Practical... Unbelievably Real!

This is not one of those fluffy classes where everything works out just the way it should and training is smooth sailing. This course throwed me into the deep end.

In this course I experienced firsthand all of the PAIN a Data Scientist goes through on a daily basis. Corrupt data, anomalies, irregularities - you name it!

This course gave me a full overview of the Data Science journey. Upon completing this course I know:

    How to clean and prepare my data for analysis
    How to perform basic visualisation of my data
    How to model my data
    How to curve-fit my data
    And finally, how to present my findings and wow the audience

This course gave me so much practical exercises that real world seems like a piece of cake when I graduated this class. This course has homework exercises that are so thought provoking and challenging that I want to cry... But I didn't give up! You crushed them. In this course I developed a good understanding of the following tools:

    SQL
    SSIS
    Tableau
    Gretl

 What did I get from this course?

    Successfully perform all steps in a complex Data Science project
    Create Basic Tableau Visualisations
    Perform Data Mining in Tableau
    Understand how to apply the Chi-Squared statistical test
    Apply Ordinary Least Squares method to Create Linear Regressions
    Assess R-Squared for all types of models
    Assess the Adjusted R-Squared for all types of models
    Create a Simple Linear Regression (SLR)
    Create a Multiple Linear Regression (MLR)
    Create Dummy Variables
    Interpret coefficients of an MLR
    Read statistical software output for created models
    Use Backward Elimination, Forward Selection, and Bidirectional Elimination methods to create statistical models
    Create a Logistic Regression
    Intuitively understand a Logistic Regression
    Operate with False Positives and False Negatives and know the difference
    Read a Confusion Matrix
    Create a Robust Geodemographic Segmentation Model
    Transform independent variables for modelling purposes
    Derive new independent variables for modelling purposes
    Check for multicollinearity using VIF and the correlation matrix
    Understand the intuition of multicollinearity
    Apply the Cumulative Accuracy Profile (CAP) to assess models
    Build the CAP curve in Excel
    Use Training and Test data to build robust models
    Derive insights from the CAP curve
    Understand the Odds Ratio
    Derive business insights from the coefficients of a logistic regression
    Understand what model deterioration actually looks like
    Apply three levels of model maintenance to prevent model deterioration
    Install and navigate SQL Server
    Install and navigate Microsoft Visual Studio Shell
    Clean data and look for anomalies
    Use SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to upload data into a database
    Create Conditional Splits in SSIS
    Deal with Text Qualifier errors in RAW data
    Create Scripts in SQL
    Apply SQL to Data Science projects
    Create stored procedures in SQL
    Present Data Science projects to stakeholders
